

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY

The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army

# yt-dlp -x -k  "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY" --audio-format mp3



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg

Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) 

# yt-dlp -x --audio-format mp3 "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg" 
# yt-dlp -x --audio-format opus "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg" 



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM
# yt-dlp -x --audio-format opus "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM"

Duran Duran - Save A Prayer


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTizYn3-QN0

Duran Duran - Rio 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N4jf6rtyuw
Gnarls Barkley - Crazy


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc
Amy Winehouse - Rehab


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJAfLE39ZZ8
Amy Winehouse - Back To Black


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH4yq-goqiA
Gloria Jones - Tainted Love

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZVpR3Pk-r8
Soft Cell - Tainted Love

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeiFF0gvqcc
Michael Jackson - Remember The Time


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnFknaD9eWY
Paul McCartney - Say Say Say ft. Michael Jackson 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNsee-gRLAY
The Beatles - Hey Bulldog


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuS5NuXRb5Y
The Beatles - Eleanor Rigby 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws5klxbI87I
The Beatles - I Am The Walrus


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-GUjA67mdc
The Stranglers - Golden Brown


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IsSpAOD6K8
Talking Heads - Once in a Lifetime

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Qylhk6jsT0
Talking Heads - Psycho Killer


##########
The Beatles - Act Naturally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjJd8rZPcAQ

The Beatles - The Night Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tD40D7jk-Q


The Beatles - I'm Happy Just To Dance With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7X1oUfa8uE


The Beatles - Honey Don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIc-VCw5r0A

The Beatles - You Won't See Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsjTO0yZQjk

The Beatles - Think For Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtx5NTxebJk

The Beatles - Wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJngWval8Bc

The Beatles - Lovely Rita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysDwR5SIR1Q


The Beatles - Happiness Is A Warm Gun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdvnOH060Qg

///////
a-ha - Take On Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914


Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0

Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4

Artful Dodger feat. Craig David - Re-Rewind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0wv_cQv8As

Shanks & Bigfoot - Sweet Like Chocolate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQCQnARnKbc

Mr Oizo - Flat beat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmsbP13xu6k

Desireless - Voyage Voyage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlgmH5q9uNk

Duran Duran "The Chauffeur"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCF2nMrQde8


King Crimson - Red
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_pDwv3tpug


The Rolling Stones - Paint It, Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBUFtoC2oj4


The Animals - House Of The Rising Sun 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4bFqW_eu2I

Blondie - Heart Of Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU

Blondie - Rapture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHCdS7O248g

KRS-One - Step Into A World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbJxcFyaCpI

EPMD - Crossover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCcWkyg-6s0

Boogie Down Productions - My Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1vKOchATXs

Boogie Down Productons- Poetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM77h4D4Yh0

Ultramagnetic MC's - Watch Me Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PT2cELUq3uc


Ultramagnetic MC's - Poppa Large
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGkyva_3fy4

UltraMagnetic MC's - Travelling At The Speed of Thought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_wfhfErbSE

UltraMagnetic MC's - One, Two, One, Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_wfhfErbSE


A Tribe Called Quest - Scenario
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6TLWqn82J4

A Tribe Called Quest - Can I Kick It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3pyCGnZzYA

Leaders Of The New School - What's Next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAfA0lUmR-o

Leaders Of The New School - Case Of The P.T.A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG4h1pGfHC8

A Tribe Called Quest - 1nce Again 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Rt2AEz6QLs

Eric B. & Rakim - Don't Sweat The Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Y1Emb7Jyks

Stromae - Alors on danse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHoT4N43jK8


